Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we're going to print the validation messages to the screen.
All right, so we have created the validation error and the validation success we have called them,
let's go ahead and let's create them.
Let's define them.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come down here and I'm going to say a validation error, validation,
error function so we could say validation, error function, OK, superhero validation error scrubbed
this function.
Let's put it here and put it here as well.
So let's go ahead.
What is the name?
It is validation error.
There it is.
What do we want to do now?
We have our error right here.
Right.
So this is our error.
This is our error message and this is the success message.
So we have them.
And in the sixth sense, we have just gone ahead and we have said display none.
I just want to say display block or I can say add this show validation class to this element.
And what is the show?
Validation classes.
Property is display block.
Very simple.
No need to overcomplicate stuff.
So we are going to say document dot query selector.
Now I am selecting the div which handles the error message.
I'm just selecting that diff.
What is the class name for that div.
I'm just going to copy it from here so you really understand what's going on here.
So let's grab it and we are going to say that class list dot add what is the class that we want to add.
It is the show validation class.
I want to add it right.
So let's come here, let's test it out.
So if I click on it, we see the class has been added, but it has been added.
But we need to remove it after some time.
Right.
So after some time it means that asynchronous programming or a timer.
So we are going to say sit time out and we are going to grab this and whoops.
Let's copy it, put it here, so after exactly two and a half seconds, I want to remove that glass.
I'm just going to say remove.
I can.
Remove it, save it, and let's come here, so click.
Goes away seats after two and a half seconds, it is going to go away and I think two and a half seconds
is excuse me, enough time for the user to read this.
And OK, so this is the validation error.
Let's go ahead and let's create the validation success as well, and it's basically the same thing.
So I'm just going to do this and we are going to say validation, success.
So we are going to grab the validate our success class and we just want to show it on the screen.
And after I yeah, it's one point five seconds, we want to remove it, so let's save it.
First off, let's check.
Validate success.
Yeah.
So the behavior for both of them is going to be the same, so it's validation, error, validation,
success, and let's remove the this one.
So I'm said Super D.C. fly.
OK, let's start validations, success is not a function, oh, it's still validation error.
So success.
So this is the problem with copy pasting.
You need to be really careful.
So now we see superhero outfit and it should go away after one and a half seconds.
And the reason that it doesn't go as because now it goes away after and one point five seconds so quick.
Goes away, see one point five seconds when I was creating this app, this one point five second was
really very it was very fast.
Now it's like it's staying there forever.
Yep, so there we go, we have our revalidation success and we have our validation error, very simple.
And what we are going to do in the next lecture is something that we will be talking about in the next
lecture.
So see you guys then.